---
layout: post
category : meetups
tags : [presentation, meetup, craftyjs, miso, d3, graphs, realtime, framework]
title : Meetup - Crafty.js, D3 and Miso
speaker : Nikolaj Baer and Jonathan Nesci
meetupDate : 2014-07-01
topic:
details : Crafty.js - an Elegant JS Game Framework & Making realtime charts for the Superbowl using D3.js + Miso
---

{% include JB/setup %}

Join us Tuesday July 1st for two awesome speakers

### Crafty.js - an Elegant JS Game Framework by Nikolaj Baer

Crafty.js is as described, a crafty js game framework that makes writing interactive game experiences in Javascript a breeze. This will be a quick walkthrough of the library, with a focus on what makes it so delightful, and a working end result.

### Making realtime charts for the Superbowl using D3.js + Miso by Jonathan Nesci

At Sosolimited Jonathan created a Twitter-powered lightshow atop the Empire State Building during the last Superbowl.

He also created a realtime dataviz app that charted the raw data powering the lightshow, which was displayed on the campaign's website and in Bryant Park, NYC, for fans to see. He'll be doing a quick breakdown of the dataviz app, showing how they used D3 and Miso to create reusable realtime charts.

Since dataviz is having a jolt of popularity these days, Jonathan hopes it'll be fun to demonstrate what can be done with these 2 tools.

### Location Details

We'll meet at 7:30 on the second floor at EvoNexus, [101 W Broadway suite #200](https://www.google.com/maps/preview/place/101+W+Broadway+%23200,+San+Diego,+CA+92101/@32.7150983,-117.164295,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x80d954a84a1fe9a1:0x37a8c0521720bfd?hl=en). Park in the garage below the building
and we'll have validation tickets up at the meetup. After the talks we'll head to a local bar or restaurant
for some drinks and chat.

#### [RSVP at Meetup.com](http://www.meetup.com/sandiegojs/events/183361882/)
