---
layout: post
category : meetups
tags : [presentation, meetup]
title : Meetup - JavaScript powering the dream of the connected home
speaker : Rodrigo Fernandez
meetupDate : 2014-05-06
topic :
details : JavaScript powering the dream of the connected home
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Join us Tuesday May 6th for an awesome speaker.

### JavaScript powering the dream of the connected home
What if you could use JavaScript to control stuff in your home like lightning, garage doors, HVAC, TVs and audio systems?
Although the most popular products and solutions like the Apple AirPlay, Google Chromecast and Nest Termostat rely on
proprietary protocols, there are plenty of devices that support the UPnP standard, which should allow cross-vendor
compatibility. The W3C Device APIs Working Group released a draft of a JavaScript API for Network Service Discovery aiming
those devices. Opera already released an experimental build that implements the proposed API which hopefully it would be
soon supported by Firefox and Blink. In this talk, we will know more about UPnP/DLNA and explore some of the possibilities
to integrate them with our current technology stack. We will run some demos through experimental browsers and we will learn
how to use Node.js and a Raspberry Pi to build a low-cost UPnP gateway to bridge the gaps for the current browsers and empower
the audience to come up with their own crazy applications.

We'll meet at 7:30 on the second floor at EvoNexus, [101 W Broadway suite #200](https://www.google.com/maps/preview/place/101+W+Broadway+%23200,+San+Diego,+CA+92101/@32.7150983,-117.164295,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x80d954a84a1fe9a1:0x37a8c0521720bfd?hl=en). Park in the garage below the building
and we'll have validation tickets up at the meetup. After the talks we'll head to a local bar or restaurant
for some drinks and chat.

#### Rodrigo Fernandez
Rodrigo is a software engineer with [@WalmartLabs](http://www.walmartlabs.com/) in sunny San Diego. He coded for all sorts of languages, platforms and industries, but only wrote his first JavaScript program a couple of years ago. He is still fascinated about much room for learning and experimentation the Web platform continues to offer. Just because he is from Brazil, people believe he knows everything about soccer, samba and jiu-jitsu...


#### [RSVP at Meetup.com](http://www.meetup.com/sandiegojs/events/176250532/)
